[Music]
hi I'm Esther and this is Miriam and
we're from beat the pika food and we're
gonna show you how to make two very
different tribals so mine is a chocolate
orange teeny trifle so it's part trifle
part cocktail mine is a very retro
Kitchell and it's all about nostalgia
that's jelly that's custard we don't
prepare a few things ahead because some
stuff takes like overnight do so I've
done a orange posset which is where you
boil up cream and sugar and the zest of
orange and lemons and then it sets
pretty solid like a custard that's at
the bottom of my try football I've made
a really delicious
wobbly jelly and in this made fresh
raspberries and I set that overnight and
I've also made a custard here which is
looking quite set at the moment but I'm
gonna whisk that to loosen it and it
would be lovely so I've just chopped up
my Madeira cake and I'm gonna layer on
top of the pasta and then I'm gonna chop
up the fruits and pop it on top and then
all the booze or soak into typic eight
so what other desserts do you have at
Christmas and so we have four desserts a
Christmas ordered for how many people or
four for anyone named Brad Timmy I make
Christmas per day every year and then we
have a chocolate then we have a
chocolate trifle and I'm gonna whisk up
my custard so it's loosened it was made
with milk and vanilla and then I just
stirred a lot of clotted cream through
it yeah is there anything more nostalgic
than jelly in custard so I've got 50
grams of marmalade to stop up my blade
in there and to that I'm gonna add 75
mils of vodka right so I am going to put
my and chopped up
clementines and tin peaches just over
the sponge and I'm gonna start layering
up some cos decree biscuits which adds a
really yummy crunch to your trifle I'm
just gonna pour drizzle that boozy
marmalades
cred over the top my next layer is a
chocolate custard I've just she's shot
ball custard like 500 mil part
hundred grams of milk chocolate and I
just gently heated those until the
chocolate melted through it and I'm just
gonna quickly whip some cream this is
exactly what kind of like soft peaks so
I put my cream and I'm just gonna put
some compote on top as I said this is
raspberries and raspberry jam so super
easy yeah I've made a dark chocolate
mousse and it's actually pretty easy
some people find them but daunting
I just love orange just really festive
but my dad always used to get like him
so I've got orange chalk perfect for
Christmas and I'm gonna put my whipped
cream on top so yeah as you see it's
like he's really nice they knowing and I
like to do it kind of invade your life
like that
I think the decorating bit on this
because the elements are fairly
straightforward they're decorating bits
we can have loads of fun I've got
chocolate buttons they just really smart
we took them on like soft end on they
stopped sticking out and I'm just
breaking up some biscotti because then I
can get this little crumbly bits a nice
crunch as well because it's all really
soft I mean come on
maraschino cherries so very nice very
here over there I've got loads of it so
I'm just gonna use anything that I've
got in the kitchen that my festive
that's chocolate even orange then
there's some like gold or like bronze
like sprinkles just whatever you want
I've got hundreds and thousands of
course you have and they still ain't
none of mine thank you
this is this is my choice for my trifle
is done Marion why should people vote
them this because this Martha things
because it is delicious it's full of
chocolate orange flavours it's got some
booze in there it's a perfect like
dinner party and Christmassy selfies and
why should people vote for yours okay
they epitomize everything
nostalgia and retro and it's just great
the whole family this trifle we'll put
on your face she sure is happy try so
let's go eat them